myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-6.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-6.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-3.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-3.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-0.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-0.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-8.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-8.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-6.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-6.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-1.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-1.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-1.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-1.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-3.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-3.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-2.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-2.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-0.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-0.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-8.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-8.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-4.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-4.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-4.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-4.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-7.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-7.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-5.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-5.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-3.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-3.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-6.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-6.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-8.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-8.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-0.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-0.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-9.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-9.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-1.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-1.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-5.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-5.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-2.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-2.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-7.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-7.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-7.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-7.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-9.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-9.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-2.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-2.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhangjun-9.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhangjun-9.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/yifeng-4.jpg myface/Annotations/test/yifeng-4.xml
myface/JPEGImages/test/zhaocheng-5.jpg myface/Annotations/test/zhaocheng-5.xml
